---
layout: post
title: "Clarity"
date: 2017-07-23
categories: thoughts
blog: personal
show: true
---

# *A love letter to those who helped me see.* #

## Friends. ##

#### Giving Thanks. ####

To the woman with the beautiful, most radiant smile, and the most intelligent and loving mind. Ahuvati. Thank you. Timing is crucial in all things, but in this case, especially impact. Meeting you has brought out the best in me. Confidence, jubilance, but most importantly. Clarity. The hesitation that I once felt is gone, the indecisive tendencies have evaporated and all has been filled with love and adoration. For you, for those around me, and most importantly for myself. I no longer have any doubts about who, or what I am or want to be. Maybe its because of you, maybe you just happened to come into my life when I was gaining this clarity on my own. The truth is honestly somewhere in the middle. Regardless, my adoration for you is never ending and I hope to forever have the opportunity to show that to you. Toda raba.

To the woman with piercing eyes, eyes that hide a fierce determination to love, eyes that are a window to a pure and sensitive soul. Thanks for sticking around and for putting up with me while I figured my shit out. You have done nothing but support and embrace me, even while going through all of the hardships that you have had to face. Especially over the past year. And in all honestly I literally do not know where I would be without you. You have given me more than I deserve and I dont think that I will ever be able to fully express my love and appreciation for you. I'm damn sure going to try though. Thank you Shrekie.

To the woman who I dont even have the words to describe. Khaleesi! That's pretty much the most concise description I can come up with right now. Thank you for just existing. I have never met anyone else who practically shares a brain with me. You never hesitate to help me when I need and understand things more than anyone else ever has. Thank you Quinnie.

My two best guy friends, I literally dont know what to say. I do know that  I'm getting tired of repeating myself while writing this piece. Jokes aside, I fucking love you guys. My dad would always tell me that I'd meet my boys in college, while I did make some good friends, no one compares to you guys. Whether we talk all the time or I hear from you twice a year you guys will always be my brothers.

Last but not least, the rest of my friends. I may not see you guys all the time, but I love you all the same.


## Family ##

#### For the future ####

Mom. Ive learned more about you this summer than I have my entire life. You have no idea how thankful I am for that. Maybe it was me just paying more attention, but you are an incredible woman. Incredibly strong, incredibly funny, incredibly weird, but also incredibly self-sacrificial. Not a single person on Earth has and will ever have more of an idolatrous place in my life than you. I can only dream of being half the person that you are. But besides just thanking you, I have a request. **PUT YOURSELF FIRST!** Put yourself ahead of me too! I know you won't listen, but I have to ask. I despise watching as you limit yourself while trying to take care of the world's problems. Please, if I can ask anything of you, explore. Find the clarity that you have helped me reach.

Nic Nic. I am so proud of the man that you have grown up to be. Passionate, expressive, understanding. Granted, you are an artist so im not too surprised that those are some of your personality traits. But your maturity is something that I envy. I have never seen a man your age so wise, and I don't know if I ever will again. There is more that I can say, but I think I've said everything else to you personally. I do have a request for you though. Continue to grow. Reach your potential and then exceed it. I know you can literally reach the stars and I want to see you get there. Fly past the clouds and find the clarity that you have given me.

Dad. I miss you. Your death haunts me, but in an odd way the darkness of the situation is also the light that I needed to find. Im glad that we reached a reconciliation before you passed. I know I said that mom holds the top candle, but I have never learned more from anyone than I have from you. What to be, and what not to be. Good or bad. By example or by instruction. For every side of every coin,there exists a lesson learned from you. I never got to tell you this, but I'm proud to call you my father. It took me a long time to get to that point, words are not evocative enough to describe what it means to have that happen before you passed away. I have one final request for you too pops. Tell grandma that I love her, and enjoy your next adventure even more than you enjoyed this one.

# Clarity. #

Clarity.Lucidity.Coherence. Powerful words for even more powerful emotional concepts. The clarity that I have gained has allowed me the emotional lucidity to form a coherent mental landscape. All of these people and more have helped me get to this point in my life. This is a thank you to them, and a thank you to you for taking the time to appreciate them with me. I have a request for anyone reading this as well. Live your life, for no one other than yourself. Whatever that means to you, I want you to do so. You owe it to yourself to be yourself.

Love,
Me!

P.S. More props for sifting through this rambled mess of a post!