---
layout: post
title: "I am"
date: 2017-09-17
categories: thoughts
blog: personal
show: true

---

# *I am*#

Weak.Fragile.Self-Destructive.Depressed.Lonely.Anxious.Nervous.Miserable.

All of these things define me and more. I am the embodiment of self pity. And I fetishize my own sadness. I have abandonment issues, so I push people away so they can't leave me on their own. I'm afraid of intimacy so I find excuses to ignore the people that want me around.I hate myself. Even now, I don't know if I'm feeling something true, or if I'm making things dramatic because in some sick way I get off on misery and pain. I am a mess.

#*But I am trying to grow*#

Strong.Resilient.Intelligent.Creative.Loving.Empathetic.Charismatic.Happy.

All of these things define me and more. I am the embodiment of self development. And I fetishize my own emotional awakening.I have abandonment issues, so I try and love myself enough to love people the way that they deserve.I'm afraid of intimacy, so I find excuses to put myself out there. I am growing to love myself. I dont know if it's working, or if I am delaying the truth. But I'm going to keep trying.
I will thrive.

#*I am confused*#
 I don't really know myself right now. Which is a weird thing for me to say, because I don't really believe in a constant state of self anyway. I don't know why I'm here. I don't know where my value lies. Sometimes, I don't want to be alive anymore. I ask myself what the point is. But I like myself, as confused as I am. I want to stay here long enough to see where I end up. I want to see if Software Engineering is right for me. I want to see if I'll ever fall in love again. I want to be a Dad. I want to be me.

 There's one thing that I need to get through my head though.
 Who I want to be is me. What I love is me. What I hate is me.
 I am me.