---
title: "Project: ColorSkeme"
date: '2017-05-27'
cover: 'https://picsum.photos/1280/500/?random'
category: 'tech'
author: 'Armond'
tags: 
    - programming
    - React
    - Javascript
---
# Machine Learning is Wonderful #

Check out the finished demo:

https://fierce-garden-60308.herokuapp.com/

I absolutely love how versatile machine learning is. Even moreso, how easy companies like google have made it's use. The fact that I can say "I wonder if this could work" and have it working a few days later is magical. Especially since the machine learning was the easiest part of the whole project!

The hardest part was getting React to do what I needed it to do, while trying to stay within the paradigm of the framework. More specifically, updating components without destroying and rewriting them.

More on that last bit. I thought it would be cool to use roughjs to style the color blocks that I generate based on the dominant colors that google sends back to me. But, the react package that I was using:

    A) Did not have the components set to use state to update on a change

    B) Were not self contained

So I hit a minor roadblock when trying to process a second file, where the generated blocks would not change.

My solution, was to write my own version of the component, based on the logic in the module. Which worked partially, at first, it would only update the first of 5 color blocks, and then I got it to update all of the blocks, but it filled them with only the first color.

I realized then, that I was probably not on the right track, and I needed to step back and look at the life-cycle of the components at a higher level, and see for myself exactly how and when certain things happen. So I started on my `console.log` crusade, and discovered that:

    A) componentWillUpdate() is called after componentWillRecieveProps()

    B) React needs unique keys in order to determine which node to re-render

    C) The closest I could get was still to destroy and rebuild what I needed, BUT! instead of the whole component, just the old canvas.

Once I got that to work, my rewrite of the library was done, and it was smooth sailing.